feat: add support for secrets (#104)
netlify/functions: README.md

- `HandlerEvent`
- `HandlerResponse`

> ## Auth Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Auth Token Manager
```

      // Handle all fetching, refreshing, rotating, etc. of tokens
      const secrets = await getSecrets();
    
      // Check if the GitHub auth has been enabled for the site
      if (!secrets.gitHub?.bearerToken) {
        return {
          statusCode: 412,
          body: JSON.stringify({
            error: "You must enable the GitHub auth in your Netlify dashboard",
          }),
          headers: {
            "Content-Type": "application/json",
          },
        };
      }
    
      // If so, we can make calls to the GitHub API - REST or GraphQL!
      const MyOctokit = Octokit.plugin(restEndpointMethods);
      const octokit = new MyOctokit({ auth: secrets.gitHub.bearerToken });
    
      // We'll list all open issues on the netlify/functions repository
      const result = await octokit.rest.issues.list({
        owner: "netlify",
        repo: "functions",
        state: "open",
      });
    
      return {
        statusCode: 200,
        body: JSON.stringify(result),
        headers: {
          "Content-Type": "application/json",
        },
      };
    };
  ```

### Checking additional metadata about auth token in your functions and site builds

> Auth Management also tracks metadata for installed auth tokens. You can verify that an auth has been installed with the correct scopes before calling into an API (say, for example, to give a better error message in the developer logs). Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth Token Manager also tracks metadata for installed auth tokens. You can verify that an auth has been installed with the correct scopes before calling into an API (say, for example, to give a better error message in the developer logs). Here's an example:
```

    
      // Secrets have an optional `grantedScopes` field that has details
      // on what the auth is allowed to do
      const tokenHasScope = secrets.gitHub.grantedScopes?.some((grantedScope) =>
        sufficientScopes.includes(grantedScope.scope)
      );
    
      // Notice how we can leave a great error message that tells us exactly what
      // we need to do to fix things.
      if (!tokenHasScope) {
        return {
          statusCode: 412,
          body: JSON.stringify({
            error: `You have enabled GitHub auth in your Netlify Auth dashboard, but it's missing a required scope. The auth must have one (or both) of the scopes: ${sufficientScopes.join(", ")}`,
          }),
          headers: {
            "Content-Type": "application/json",
          },
        };
      }
    
     // ...
    }
  ```

### Accessing integration auth tokens during development

When running your site under `netlify dev`, the environmental variables that power the auth management will be synced, and you can transparently develop against the third party APIs - no additional configuration necessary!

### Updating or removing auth tokens from your site

> At any time you can revisit the Auth Management tab for your site in [Netlify Labs](https://app.netlify.com/user/labs) (select your profile avatar, then Netlify Labs) to see the installed auth. From there, you can select new scopes for already-installed auth and then run through the browser-based auth flow again, and the new scopes will be available to all your existing, deployed functions and site builds _instantly_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At any time you can revisit the Auth Token Manager tab for your site in [Netlify Labs](https://app.netlify.com/user/labs) (select your profile avatar, then Netlify Labs) to see the installed auth. From there, you can select new scopes for already-installed auth and then run through the browser-based auth flow again, and the new scopes will be available to all your existing, deployed functions and site builds _instantly_.
```
